feat: add explicit emit output grammar and parsing support (#173)
DataDog/substrait-explain: GRAMMAR.md

#### Syntax

```text
read_relation := "Read" "[" table_name read_output "]"
read_output := ("=>" named_column_list) / ("+>" named_column_list ("|>" reference_list)?)
```

#### Components

- `table_name := name ("." name)*` - table name, optionally qualified with schema/database
- `named_column := name ":" type` - column name with type annotation
- `"=>" named_column_list` - legacy implicit output form. It declares the visible output columns without preserving an explicit `RelCommon.emit_kind`.
- `"+>" named_column_list` - explicit direct output domain. It preserves `RelCommon.emit_kind` as `Direct`.

> - `"+>" named_column_list "|>" reference_list` - explicit direct output domain followed by an explicit `Emit` mapping over that domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `named_column_list := (named_column ("," named_column)*)?` - the list of columns and their types to be read from the table `table_name`.
  - `=>` is used to mean implicit column ordering; for `Read`, this translates to `Direct` column ordering.
  - When used with `+>` and no `|>`, the `named_column`s are in the expected order of the table, and `Direct` emit is used.
  - When used with `+> … |>`, the `named_column`s are in the expected order of the table, and the emit order is a Remap specified by `reference_list`.
```

The purpose of `components` is to define grammatically (`term := …`) components of the above section, as well as explain their purpose. Ideally, the `GRAMMAR.md` file should have the full EBNF specification for the substrait-explain grammar in it. As `named_column_list` is not defined elsewhere in this document, it should be defined here.

Secondly, this document defines the Grammar in terms of the Substrait spec, which discusses emits / output ordering. This document does not discuss Protobuf specifics like `RelCommon.emit_kind` - those are, in some sense, another implementation of the Substrait spec that is out of scope for this document.

Also - the definition of `reference_list` should be moved to here from the Filter relation section, as this is now the first place in the document that term is defined.

#### Syntax

```text
read_relation := "Read" "[" table_name output "]"
output := implicit_output / direct_output
implicit_output := "=>" named_column_list
direct_output := "+>" named_column_list ("|>" reference_list)?
```

#### Components

- `table_name := name ("." name)*` - table name, optionally qualified with schema/database
- `named_column := name ":" type` - column name with type annotation
- `named_column_list := (named_column ("," named_column)*)?` - the list of columns and their types to be read from the table `table_name`.
  - `=>` is used to mean implicit column ordering; for `Read`, this translates to `Direct` column ordering.
  - When used with `+>` and no `|>`, the `named_column`s are in the expected order of the table, and `Direct` emit is used.

>   - When used with `+> … |>`, the `named_column`s are in the expected order of the table, and the emit order is a Remap specified by `reference_list`.

Reviewer: Note: IIUC, this is a new mention of `reference_list`, which has not yet been defined in the document. Right now its defined under `Filter` below.

Can we move the definition out of the `Filter` section and into the main "General Relation Grammar" [section](https://github.com/DataDog/substrait-explain/blob/7a6b7eee923ea3322e8d445e9dd84ae944ccaedc/GRAMMAR.md?plain=1#L519-L525), where it is first referenced?

# let plan = Parser::parse(plan_text).unwrap();
# assert_eq!(plan.relations.len(), 2);
```
Use `+>` when the read's base schema records the direct output domain:

```rust
# use substrait_explain::Parser;
#
# let plan_text = r#"
=== Plan
Root[a, b]
  Read[my_table +> a:i64, b:string]
# "#;
#
# let plan = Parser::parse(plan_text).unwrap();
# assert_eq!(plan.relations.len(), 1);
```

> Use `+> ... |>` when the read's base schema records the direct output domain but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `+> ... |>` to specify an Emit / output ordering different from the table's base schema:
```

Let's use more base Substrait / relational algebra terminology and discuss in terms of what is intended (schema from a table), and less Protobuf / substrait-rs terminology ("base schema", "direct output domain").
